Chapter 12: Senior Song, your phone has also ran out of battery
 
 
The black-haired lady seemed only 20 years of age, while he only reached 18 years old not long ago, alright…? Perhaps he seemed old, causing him to look like an old uncle?

Also… dao name? He immediately recalled the IDs of those chuunibyous within the group chat. There were some like True Monarch Yellow Mountain, Northern River’s Loose Cultivator, XX Cave Master, XX Palace Master… he immediately felt the pain in his liver intensify.

“Cough, you can call me Song Shuhang. In addition, we shall not mention the matter of dao name first.” Song Shuhang replied. He did not want to be regarded as a chuunibyou.

“Oh? Apologies, Senior. I forgot about it momentarily.” Soft Feather felt embarrassed. As a cultivator, it was common sense not to mention the dao name and related matters in public; it was just that she had forgotten about it as she was too happy and excited.

“Cough, you should stop calling me Senior too.” Song Shuhang coughed twice and he felt his gradually recovering cold cough showing traces of an even more serious relapse.

“Alright.” Although Soft Feather gently replied, she felt gloomy internally—this senior doesn’t seem like the type that is easy to approach?  That was true, after all, not everyone within the group was as warm-hearted as Senior Northern River.

Also, this senior was obviously in Luo Xin street area but did not speak up within the group. Perhaps he was the indifferent type and did not intend to help? Having thought that, she couldn’t help but get somewhat depressed.

Just when Soft Feather was letting her imagination run wild, Song Shuhang added. “It’s fine for you to call me Song Shuhang.”

“Eh?” Soft Feather was stunned. “This doesn’t seem appropriate?”

“Please make sure to directly call me Song Shuhang, if you really feel that you can’t call me by my full name, Shuhang, Little Hang, and Little Song would be fine too.” Song Shuhang firmly replied.

If Soft Feather continued to call him ‘senior’ whenever she spoke, he would feel very embarrassed as this was the real world.

“Shuhang… Senior.” When Soft Feather was speaking half-way, she felt awkward and added Senior behind.

However she quickly relaxed and revealed a happy expression on her face—it seemed like this senior was a nice guy, not like those seniors who were cold and indifferent. Looking at it, perhaps this senior would be willing to help her!

Song Shuhang held out his hand and rubbed his face with force as he was thoroughly defeated. “Alright, it’s up to you however you want to call me.”

“Senior Song, are you here to help me?” Soft Feather happily asked.

“Let’s talk while walking,” Song Shuhang then picked up the huge bags in his hands. It would be better to find somewhere quiet to talk as two people with a huge luggage blocking others would cause inconvenience.

Soft Feather immediately followed Shuhang quietly.

“I’ve looked at the group chat logs. The place you’re going to should be J-City’s Luo Xin street area.” Song Shuhang replied.

“Yes, J-City Luo Xin street area. Senior, wait a moment, perhaps…” Soft Feather was naturally smart and could guess the facts from Song Shuhang’s manner of speaking and attitude. Her face then went sullen. “Perhaps this isn’t Luo Xin street?”

“It is indeed Luo Xin street here. However, this is Luo Xin street of Jiangnan District and not J-City.” Song Shuhang sighed while replying.

“…” Soft Feather’s petite face instantly turned red for she was really embarrassed this time. After a long period of time, she softly enquired, “Senior Song, do you know how to go to J-City’s Luo Xin street area?”

“I’ve never gone there before, but you can use the navigation?” Song Shuhang kindly smiled.

Soft Feather knocked her own head and once again swiped her dished out phone… but she had only swiped at it twice before her phone suddenly released a sweet-sounding melody and the screen went black.

Soft Feather raised her head and looked at Song Shuhang with two tearing eyes. “Senior Song, my phone is out of battery.”

“…” Song Shuhang once again felt faint pain come from his liver. This black-haired beauty seemed naturally silly?

Subsequently, he passed her his own mobile. “Use mine.”

“Thank you, Senior!” Soft Feather happily took Shuhang’s mobile and swiped a few times.

Suddenly, a segment of resounding melody sounded from his phone and the phone’s screen turned black.

Once again, Soft Feather raised her head and looked at Song Shuhang. That pair of tearing eyes was shrouded in a layer of fog. “Senior Song, your phone is also out of battery.”

Crap. Song Shuhang then remembered his phone only had 6% battery left when he came out. After 3 hours on standby and him surfing the web once earlier on, it coincidentally went out of battery.

While he awkwardly retrieved his phone, Song Shuhang asked. “Soft Feather, are you in a hurry to head over to Ghost Lamp Temple?”

“I am not exactly in a rush, but preferably, getting there as soon as possible would be better, as there might be changes after some time.” Soft Feather voice was soft as before—after a period of time, her old man would be coming back from Senior Thrice Reckless Mad Saber’s home and capture her back.

Yes. This was the reason she had so vaguely responded to Thrice Reckless Mad Saber.

If her father was back, she would not be able to run out secretly.

“Then, do you want to make a trip with me back to my dorm? I can check the itinerary for you on the computer and charge your mobile phone in passing. However, it’s a twenty minute distance from here to my dormitory,” Song Shuhang suggested.

Song Shuhang was the type of guy who had a personality that matched his appearance. Having a kind-looking face, he was also a kind-hearted guy.

Therefore, it was impossible for him to throw Soft Feather aside without caring. In actual fact, other than gays, rarely would any guys ruthlessly toss aside such a beauty.

“Dormitory? Is that where Senior’s dwelling is located?” Soft Feather two eyes were splendidly shining. “A twenty minutes distance is completely fine!”

“Alright, then follow me?” Song Shuhang tried asking.

Soft Feather nodded her head vigorously while dragging her huge luggage and followed behind Shuhang.

Song Shuhang was secretly worried as this lady seemed easy to abduct and sell. He felt that two lollipops were sufficient to kidnap her.

❄️❄️❄️

There’s a common saying, things will be less exhausting for both male and female when they work together.

Reasonably saying, when a man and a woman worked together, they would feel energetic. However… when Song Shuhang and Soft Feather walked for five minutes or so, he was haggard and started breathing heavily.

He forced a bitter smile and looked at Soft Feather beside him. The words of the handsome sunshine guy amongst the three dudes at the public square previously surfaced within Shuhang’s mind.

There are advantages of having long legs, don’t you think so?! A step equalled two of his!

Despite Soft Feather slowing down her pace as much as possible, Song Shuhang still had to jog throughout. How could he not be tired?

“Senior, you look like you’re panting?” Soft Feather puzzledly looked at Shuhang. It didn’t seem possible. How could walking for mere five minutes make a senior with profound cultivation gasp for breath?

“Hu, we’re not rushing for time so let’s slowly walk.” Song Shuhang adjusted his breathing.

“Ok.” Soft Feather nodded, seemingly understanding, but in actual fact, not understanding. She felt that the state of this ‘senior’ was somewhat amiss—it was as if he had weak stamina.

However, she was a sensible young lady and wouldn’t intrude others’ privacy. Since senior did not explain, she would definitely not ask, else they would find her annoying.

Therefore, she took the initiative and matched Song Shuhang by reducing her steps’ length while keeping the same pace with him.

Song Shuhang finally felt more relaxed.

The two of them gradually proceeded and left Luo Xin street area.

Coincidentally, behind them, there were the three dudes that rated different kinds of legs within the public plaza. They were also carrying big and small bags while leaving Luo Xin street area.

“Eh? 100 points, I’ve seen 100 points!” The fatty, Ah Xu, excitedly pointed towards Soft Feather’s rear view.

Handsome sunshine guy immediately perked up. “Where? I must definitely catch up to her this time!”

“There’s no chance for you.” Short-haired guy lazily spoke. “There’s a guy beside her.”

Sunshine guy looked at Song Shuhang beside Soft Feather and was instantly depressed. “The girl is already taken. Damn*t!”

“Although she is already taken, a hoe is ruthless. As long as the hoe is used well, you don’t have to worry about being unable to dig the wall. You should daringly go ahead!” Ah Xu gently laughed.

“I dont have the interest of digging someone else’s wall.” Sunshine guy was surprisingly firm with this.

Suddenly, sunshine guy stared at Song Shuhang’s back view. “Hey, say, don’t you feel that that guy looks slightly familiar?”

“Yeap. It’s normal for you to find him familiar. While were were discussing the 100 point lady earlier on at Luo Xin public plaza, he was sitting right next to us.” The short-haired guy continued to reply lazily.

“…” Fatty Ah Xu.

“…” Sunshine boy.

He was sitting next to us, he was just sitting right next to us… these words repeatedly reverberated within sunshine boy’s ears.

Sunshine boy instantly knelt down. “Is this the so called God of Conquest?!”

