Chapter 13: If…
 

School dormitory was a wonderful place, especially girls’ dormitory that was literally a forbidden area for boys. Any boy who dared to step onto it would be in big trouble.

However, boys’ dormitory was like girls’ own backyard. Girls felt free to shuttle in and out anytime. So nobody stopped Song Shuhang when he took a girl to his dormitory.

Besides, it was Sunday when most of the students in the dormitory either went outside to have fun or stayed inside to play PC games. When Shuhang came back with Soft Feather, they didn’t attract much attention.

Shuhang’s dormitory was on the second floor. Though the dormitory was equipped with elevators, he and his roommates usually took the stairs. It was much faster by taking stairs than elevator as there was only one floor.

“May I help you with the suitcase?” Shuhang looked at the big suitcase dragged by Soft Feather. As a man, it was his duty to carry luggage and bag for a lady.

“Thank you, Senior.” Soft Feather smiled shyly, sliding the big suitcase to Song Shuhang.

Song Shuhang saw Soft Feather dragged the big suitcase all the way and even carried it on the bumpy sections of the road. It looked quite easy for her.

So he thought the big suitcase was not full, and wouldn’t be heavy.

However, when he held the handle of the suitcase and tried to lift it up, his face turned red!

He just managed to lift the suitcase up a little bit with all his strength. God! The suitcase was at least fifty or sixty kilos heavy, almost as heavy as an adult man!

He stared at Soft Feather, especially at her seemingly boneless beautiful little hands. Was this girl actually an Amazon? How could she carry the stuff weighing almost 70 kilos all the way long without even panting?

And how naive was he to think that she would be easily abducted? With her strength, any man who wanted to abduct her had to prepare himself a coffin before having a try.

“Senior?” Soft Feather looked at Senior with doubt.

“Ahem! Let’s take the elevator. “Song Shuhang quickly decided—with his strength, he might be able to carry the suitcase upstairs, but it would be very tiring.

“Ok,” Soft Feather nodded, but she didn’t quite understand it. Still, as a good girl, she would not ask anything she was not supposed to ask. What’s more, as a guest, she would not interfere with the host’s decisions. Anyway, a guest should suit the convenience of the host.

The elevator rose slowly. They didn’t wait long, because almost nobody used the elevator at this time.

❄️❄️❄️

The dormitory was empty.

His roommates usually came back at three or four o’clock in the afternoon, and sometimes came back at night.

As a quad room, the dormitory was not large, but it was quite well-equipped with bathroom, balcony, washboard, and even a small kitchen.

“Have a seat. Would you like something to drink?” Song Shuhang turned on the computer and asked Soft Feather to sit down.

Soft Feather sat down obediently, and answered, “Spirit Green Tea.”

“?” Song Shuhang was confused.

Spirit Green Tea? What was it? A new drink? How could he have never heard of it?

He paused for a while, and soon he remembered the identity of the long-legged belle—though young and beautiful, she was still a Chuunibyou Xianxia fan!

The so-called Spirit Green Tea must be something the Chuunibyous in the chat group imagined.

Song Shuhang felt his liver began to ache again.

“I temporarily don’t have those things here, but I’ve got orange juice, pure water, coke, and milk, which one would you like?” Song Shuhang directly asked her to choose one. He was afraid that Soft Feather might ask him for ‘Tonic Dragon Blood Tea’, ‘Phoenix Liquid’, or other terrible things.

Soft Feather was surprised, ‘Senior doesn’t even have Spirit Green Tea?’

After all, Spirit Green Tea was the most common spirit tea that cultivators used to serve guests.

It contained very little spiritual qi, but smelled good. With a rich and lasting fragrance, it was the most economic spirit tea to serve guests. If you drank it yourself, it could also slightly enhance your physique. Though Spirit Green Tea wasn’t as magical as medicine pills, it was cheaper than the latter by a million times. Wasn’t it a must-have for cultivators?

‘Wait, I got it!

Senior must be a hermit. A real hermit lives in a bustling place, so he lives like ordinary people. It is said that some seniors will live among ordinary people like a real ordinary person every fifty or one hundred years just to temper their own minds, which is called “earthly-life experience”! Although it cannot enhance their strength, it can firm their will and clear their minds!’

“Please give me some orange juice, thank you.” Soft Feather showed a sweet smile.

“Ok, wait a minute.”

A moment later, Song Shuhang handed her a mug of orange juice which he took out from the refrigerator in the kitchen.

Soft Feather took it over, “Thanks, Senior.”

“You’re welcome.” Song Shuhang said. She was really a nice girl, with a nice character and good manners. It was a pity that she was a Chuunibyou. He sat in front of the computer and got connected to the Internet.

He adeptly opened Baidu Map, and entered Luo Xin street area of J-City.

Soon, the map showed the location of Luo Xin street area of J-City.

“I’ve checked it. It’s a little far from Luo Xin street area of J-City,” said Song Shuhang.

It took five hours or so from Jiangnan Airport to Luo Xin street area of J-City by taxi. However, Soft Feather headed for the wrong destination. Fortunately, Jiangnan College Town bordered J-City, so she didn’t take the opposite direction, just turned into another road halfway.

If she started from Jiangnan College Town, not considering the road condition, it took three and half an hour to Luo Xin street area of J-City by car. In fact, the condition of this section of road was really bad. So, it actually took five hours or so.

When Soft Feather came up and saw it was such a long distance, she got very startled, “Senior, can we get there by taxi with such a long distance?”

“Yes, but I’m afraid taxi drivers may refuse to take you there,” said Song Shuhang.

Then he explained to Soft Feather.

Five hours’ drive was too far away. Although taxi drivers in Jiangnan could shuttle between Jiangnan and several neighboring cities, most taxis drivers couldn’t work for such a long time.

It took five hours to get there and another five hours to come back. With ten hours’ drive, how many drivers were needed? So, it was a situation where even money wouldn’t work.

“Then what should we do?” Soft Feather asked.

“Take the bullet train. There is a station close to Luo Xin street area of J-City—Heixiang Station. And, there is also a station close to our college town. It’s much faster to take a bullet train than taxi. It takes two hours at most.” Song Shuhang explained.

“Then, when are we going to start off?” Soft Feather’s eyes shined.

“No hurry, we can book the ticket online. I’ve checked it. The bullet train from College Town Station to Heixiang Station sets out at four o’clock in the afternoon. So, it’ll be alright if we check in at 3:30pm.”

Eeeh? Wait a minute!

When are we going to start off? We?

Is this girl thinking I’m going to accompany her to Luo Xin street area of J-City?

I still have class tomorrow. I am still a student, and I can’t leave the school at will!

“Then, Senior, let’s book tickets online. Do you need my ID card?” She was quite happy, feeling very lucky to meet a helpful senior like Senior Song.

“Ahem, we?” Song Shuhang’s coughed again. “Do you mean booking two tickets? Yours and mine?”

“Ah? You won’t go with me?” Soft Feather paused, and then blushed.

She was just too excited; it was rude of her to take it for granted that Song Shuhang would accompany her to J-City without even asking his opinion.

“Senior, it was rude of me, I didn’t even ask about your opinion. Would you please accompany me to Luo Xin street area of J-City? I… I really got a poor sense of direction. I’m afraid I can’t find Ghost Lamp Temple,” said Soft Feather.

Song Shuhang sighed and rejected her, “I’d like to help you, but I’m afraid I can’t.”

It would be 6:30 in the evening when the bullet train arrived. He didn’t know what Soft Feather was going to do, so he didn’t know when she would finish. But, it was certain that he wouldn’t be able to come back by noon tomorrow.

Plus, he had classes tomorrow afternoon!

Soft Feather was very disappointed. She always had been easy to read with how her feelings would show on her face. “Senior, you don’t have the time?”

“Yes, because I still have classes tomorrow afternoon,” said Song Shuhang.

Seeing Soft Feather so disappointed and almost close to tears, he suddenly felt he refused her too harshly just now. Did he hurt the girl’s fragile heart?

So, he added, “If… I mean, if you are not in a hurry, I’ll have the time to go with you next Friday. I’m a student now, and I only have holidays on weekends.”

Next Friday? Soft Feather was still disappointed. Although she wouldn’t mind waiting a day or two, five days was a bit too long—while her dad liked messing around with people, he apparently wouldn’t stay with Thrice Reckless Mad Saber for ten days or even half a month.

But, something suddenly popped into her mind and her eyes lit up. She asked earnestly, “Senior Song, if you have no classes tomorrow afternoon… I’m just assuming, could you go with me to J-City?” 

