Chapter 14: Senior, I shall mail you two boxes of medicinal ingredients as thanks 
 

“Cough, if this matter of yours won’t take a long time, Soft Feather, it’s not impossible.” Song Shuang gently laughed.

However, tomorrow afternoon’s lessons were fixed before school reopened and would not be cancelled if there weren’t any special reasons.

Song Shuhang didn’t want to continue being tangled on this topic and he immediately changed subject. “Soft Feather, is the place you’re heading to Ghost Lamp Temple? Also, didn’t you confirm the location before leaving?”

The simple-minded lady was easily distracted. “Yes, I only knew the location is at J-City’s Luo Xin street area before asking my martial nephews to book the plane tickets and immediately rushing over. It didn’t cross my mind that Ghost Lamp Temple was that hard to locate.”

Martial Nephews… is there still stuff like that in the current era?

While Song Shuhang was thinking, he was concurrently typing on his keyboard and entered J-City, Luo Xin street, and Ghost Lamp Temple within the search bar.

There was information on J-City and Luo Xin street. However, for Ghost Lamp Temple, there was basically no information nor any mark on the map.

He reckoned it was a small temple, or perhaps, it might have closed down long ago?

“Senior Song, could you lend me the computer? I would like to search for information myself, and maybe Senior Northern River within the group has some news!” Soft Feather suddenly spoke.

Song Shuhang nodded in agreement and logged out from his own chat account before moving sideways and giving up his seat.

Soft Feather sweetly smiled and sat on the seat while skillfully logging into her own chat account.

Alas, Northern River’s Loose Cultivator did not reply. Seldomly would this senior be offline for such a long period of time. Song Shuhang thought that the other party was a true internet warrior that was online 24/7.

Soft Feather was somewhat disappointed and closed the chat window before starting to search for information on all the temples within Luo Xin street area on the computer. Similarly, she had guessed that the Ghost Lamp Temple no longer existed, or that the name was changed.

Song Shuhang stood beside and looked for a moment before recalling that Soft Feather’s and his mobile phones ran out of battery.

“Soft Feather, pass me your phone for a moment. I have a universal charging connector here and your phone can be fully charged within an hour or so,” Song Shuhang spoke.

“Thank you, Senior!” Soft Feather swiftly dished out her phone and passed it to Shuhang.

After Shuhang took it, he brought his phone along to charge.

❄️❄️❄️

The instant Song Shuhang turned around, both hands of Soft Feather typed swiftly atop of the keyboard, revealing her real typing speed. “Papapapapa…” Her hand APM speed had reached at least 900+ in that split second. If she used that hand speed to become a professional gamer, she would most probably crushingly defeat experts from all sorts of game genres.

On the computer screen, windows popped up at lightning speed one after another, then closed, and one by one, the webpages were refreshed.

Quickly, a male student’s information was displayed.

A half body’s photo with Song Shuhang smiling brightly and his personal information at the side could be seen.

Song Shuhang, Jiangnan College Mechanical Engineering faculty, School of Machinery Designing and Manufacturing, 19th Department 43rd Class.

Another window quickly popped up soon after. It showed Song Shuhang’s classes’ timetable.

What popped up shortly after was Monday afternoon’s class… Professor Renshui.

He was a young and promising professor with handsome appearance, tall and straight figure, wearing black-framed spectacles and always having a gentle smile in the corner of his mouth.

Everything… had happened in a split second.

After obtaining information she wanted, Soft Feather once again rapidly closed the webpages that popped up on the computer screen.

Evidently, classes that were fixed long ago would not be canceled randomly. However, there were numerous accidents around the world—for example, the lecturer in charge of the lesson might have injured his legs during a car accident, accidentally sprain his ankle stepping on no obstacle in particular, carelessly fall from bed and sprain his ankle, get bitten by their dog, and so on and so forth. Accidents that result in him spraining his leg while requiring him to stay in the hospital. That way, tomorrow afternoon’s lessons would most probably be cancelled or delayed for a few days?

This was what Soft Feather had thought internally. She felt that her idea was superb and secretly gave herself a thumbs up.

❄️❄️❄️

At another location around ten km away, within the lecturers’ apartment building.

Professor Renshui, who was playing with his daughter, unconsciously felt cold shiver and subsequently sneezed consecutively. He rubbed his nose while thinking, Was there a female student who was thinking of her handsome teacher again?

As a person, having good looks was also vexing; furthermore, he had already settled down and gotten married.

❄️❄️❄️

After closing the web pages, Soft Feather secretly turned around and looked at Song Shuhang. Noticing that he was still charging their mobile phones in the adjacent room, she relaxed while feeling as if she did something bad behind a senior’s back.

After checking a huge amount of information, she instinctively felt that the more she looked at Senior Song, the more he felt like an ordinary person?

She then thought of what Song Shuhang said when they just met, when he had told her to just call him by name, and not ‘senior’.

Was it Senior Song’s ‘experiencing the world of mortals’ skill being too profound or was it her misunderstanding something?

After closing all the webpages, Soft Feather exercised her fingers.

After that, her gaze fell on an open notebook beside the computer. A collection of medicinal ingredients’ names was written on it and it was none other than the simplified body tempering liquid recipe Medicine Master sent within the Nine Provinces Number One Group.

Shuhang initially copied it down with the intention of bringing it back home for his cousin, Zhao Yaya, to research it, but he did not include Fresh Overlord Branch, Nine-Yang Scarlet Flame Bamboo, Morning Dew Mysterious Grass, and other ingredients filled with chuuni aura.

‘Senior Song is also researching this recipe?’ Soft Feather thought.

However, she quickly noticed that the recipe Song Shuhang copied down was not complete? Why did Senior only copy the simple common ingredients?

Why did he not include Morning Dew Mysterious Grass and other similar ingredients?

Wait, perhaps Senior Song wants to improve Senior Medicine Master’s recipe’s base and further lower the manufacturing costs of concocting the body tempering liquid?

Thinking up till here, Soft Feather’s eyes instantly brightened up.

Coincidentally, Song Shuhang had turned back and saw Soft Feather looking at his own notebook—not good, there was the chuuni recipe recorded on it!

This time, it was as if yellow mud had fell onto the crotch of his trousers and even if he didn’t sh*t himself, it would still seem like he did. Soft Feather would definitely think of him as a kindred spirit that was deeply infected Xianxia chuunibyou.

As expected, when Soft Feather spoke, she immediately asked a question that Song Shuhang felt was brimming with chuuni aura. “Senior, are you perhaps also researching Senior Medicine Master’s recipe? How many furnaces can you complete in one attempt?

Soft Feather happily asked while adopting an attitude of asking guidance from a senior.

She had attempted it several times following the recipe provided by Medicine Master, but due to her insufficient practice with fire control arts, she only succeeded three out of ten times. Despite the fact that she loved concocting pills, she had no flair for it.

With the way she wasted the medicinal ingredients, if it was seen by other cultivators, they would definitely drown her with their saliva. Luckily, she had a formidable and wealthy father. To Spirit Butterfly Island, the medicinal ingredients wasted to concoct the body tempering pill was something as insignificant as a drop in a bucket.

“I didn’t concoct any.” Song Shuhang’s cheeks streamed with tears. As expected, he was treated as a kindred spirit.

“Why? Perhaps Senior Song is planning to improve Senior Medicine Master’s recipe’s base?” Soft Feather eyes brightened and excitedly asked.

“…” Song Shuhang did not reply. Initially, he had wanted to ask how would he even concoct such a strange recipe, but looking at Soft Feather’s sparkling eyes, he felt embarrassed and couldn’t bring himself to dampen this lady’s enthusiasm.

Therefore, after thinking for a long time, he thought up of a truthful answer. “In actual fact, it’s not convenient to look for ingredients here. Due to several complicated reasons, I do not have any ingredients on me. Therefore… I did not have the chance to concoct it.”

This was the truth as the ingredients listed in the recipe—even after removing those mysterious medicinal ingredients—were something worth quite a small sum. One had to know that prices of medicinal ingredients like Ginseng were calculated based on 50 grams, not per kilo.

As a student, he was unable to afford it even if he had sold his kidney!

“Oh, so that was the reason. Apologies, Senior.” Soft Feather nodded in understanding and was inwardly delighted at the same time!

Although she did not know why Senior Song did not have basic ingredients for body tempering liquid on hand, the medicinal ingredients Spirit Butterfly Island had could even be stacked as high as a mountain!

“Senior, when I get back, I shall mail two boxes of medicinal ingredients to you as a thank you gift!” Soft Feather spoke—this was the remuneration she prepared to gift Song Shuhang. Regardless of anything, she had decided to ask Shuhang accompany her in search of Ghost Lamp Temple.

Two boxes of medicinal ingredients. These words seemed so domineering.

Translated to a more literal meaning: Senior, I shall mail two boxes of Ginseng as my thanks.

If one felt that the translation above was not clear enough, then look at this translated version: Senior, I shall mail two boxes of gold bars to you as my thanks.

The value of the medicinal ingredients Soft Feather wanted to mail was definitely a few times more than gold bars.

Unfortunately, the current Song Shuhang simply did not know the value of the two boxes of medicinal ingredients Soft Feather spoke of, or else he would have immediately knelt to this nouveau riche.

