Chapter 11: Suddenly, I Turned round and Found Her Showing up right in the Waning Light of the Twilit Lamps
 
 
In the eyes of diviners, the future was always foggy, full of secrets and inscrutabilities.

However, according to a ‘very famous’ diviner, “Based on people’s different choices, there would be many different futures. But no choice was made by accident.

For there was only inevitability but no contingency.

Even the seemingly coincidental encounter of two persons was actually inevitable. Inevitable things, one after another, propelled the wheel of history forward, and produced different inevitable futures!”

With all these words, there was only one meaning—that is, the results of divination wouldn’t be wrong. Even if it’s wrong, it’s because what the divinatory symbols showed was the inevitable future of another parallel world. And you just got another future based on another inevitability.

Therefore, it’s the world that was wrong, not the diviner!

The above words were the self-justification of a loser diviner who predicted future for a million times but never got it right. Maybe you know who he was. Yes, you are right—the diviner was Immortal Master Copper Trigram in Nine Provinces Number One Group.

Although he was a very unreliable diviner, his words made some sense.

❄️❄️❄️

Song Shuhang didn’t expect he would meet the dark-haired and long-legged belle. After all, the world was so big, and were there really so many coincidences?

However, he didn’t expect that he’d meet the girl again after wandering around for a while.

He came out of Rong Yao Beef Shop, carrying a large bag of specialties of Foodie’s Paradise which he prepared for his roommates. As soon as he stepped out of the shop, he saw the girl with a beautiful long straight black hair dragging a huge suitcase and walking in his direction quickly.

Seeing her walking, Song understood why people said “the long-legged walk fast”. Just with several steps, the girl with a long straight black hair already reached him despite the long distance.

Shuhang slightly leaned his body aside to make way for her so that she could pass through with her huge suitcase.

“Thank you.” The black-haired belle said softly and shyly.

Then, she strode into a small shop behind him.

Song Shuhang slightly nodded and prepared to go back to the dorm, as it was about time he returned.

Just as walked two or three steps, the dark-haired belle had quickly finished shopping and asked the shopkeeper about something. Song had no intention of eavesdropping on others’ matters and invade their privacy. He just happened to hear her question.

And the question the girl asked made Shuhang pause…

“Sir, do you know if there is a temple called ‘Ghost Lamp Temple’ in Luo Xin street area?”

Thinking for a while, the shopkeeper shook his head, “Ghost Lamp Temple? I’ve never heard of it. But I just moved here two years ago, so I don’t know much about this area. You can ask shopkeepers of those old shops. They’ve stayed in Luo Xin street area for long, and they probably know more.”

Explaining patiently, the shopkeeper was clearly a nice and warm-hearted guy; or maybe it was because of the beautiful face of the black-haired girl, which in this beauty-worshipping age was like a halo that increased her popularity by 100 degrees.

Ghost Lamp Temple, Luo Xin street area?

Quite naturally, Shuhang thought of the girl called Spirit Butterfly Island’s Soft Feather in the chat group.

Did I hear it wrong?

Filled with doubts, Song Shuhang took out the huge cell phone from his pocket and slid at it to unlock the screen. Then, he adeptly logged into the chat software, and opened Nine Provinces Number One Group.

There were several new chat records in the group after he left.

The first one was a message from Spirit Butterfly Island’s Soft Feather, sent over two hours ago.

She said she hadn’t been able to find any information about Ghost Lamp Temple, but she had taken a taxi to head for Luo Xin street area, and prepared to directly ask local residents there about it.

The next one was sent twenty minutes ago.

Spirit Butterfly Island’s Soft Feather said, “I’ve successfully arrived at Luo Xin street area. There are so many people here. It’s quite bustling, totally different from what I imagined. And it turns out to be a food court. I found a lot of delicious food along the way. ”

She seemed to be in a very good mood. Firstly, she “successfully” found Luo Xin street area, and secondly, she found a lot of delicious food here.

‘Starting from the airport of Jiangnan, about two hours’ drive; and then, Luo Xin street area with a lot of delicious food, huh?’ Song Shuang rubbed his face.

It was impossible to reach J-City from Jiangnan Airport in two hours, not even by racing.

According to the drive time and Soft Feather’s description on her destination, she probably arrived in the wrong place—she didn’t arrive in Luo Xin street area in J-City, but in Foodie’s Paradise near Jiangnan College Town.

And if it was not a coincidence, then the long-legged black-haired belle behind was probably Soft Feather.

With the thought that the modern and stylish belle might be a Chuunibyou Xianxia fan, Song Shuhang had an inexpressible sense of distortion.

But… it was not certain that the black-haired belle was Soft Feather just with these guesses.

After all, there might be some special event in Ghost Lamp Temple in Luo Xin street area of J-City so many people were going there—then there could be a lot of people getting the wrong place just like Soft Feather in the chat group.

Slim chance, but possible.

Song Shuhang’s finger continued to slide across the screen, but there wasn’t any new message in the group. Even Northern River’s Loose Cultivator was not online. Maybe he was helping ask around about that Ghost Lamp Temple?

Shuhang was sliding past the screen with his finger when Spirit Butterfly Island’s Soft Feather in the chat group sent a voice message.

Song Shuang clicked it subconsciously.

❄️❄️❄️

Soft Feather dragged her suitcase wearily and came out of the shop in disappointment.

This had been the twelfth shop. The shopkeeper’s suggestion was very good, but she’d asked a lot of shopkeepers—of both new and old stores—but no one knew about Ghost Lamp Temple.

With a sigh, she pulled out her phone, slid on the screen nimbly with her thumb, opened the chat software and clicked on Nine Provinces Number One Group.

Senior Northern River that she turned to for help hadn’t replied.

As it was not easy to type with one hand, she opened voice message function, and started speaking in her soft voice, “Senior Northern River, have you got any information on Ghost Lamp Temple? I’ve asked a lot of shopkeepers in Luo Xin street area, but no one knew about Ghost Lamp Temple. Please reply after receiving this message.”

She released her thumb and the voice message was successfully sent.

She put away her cell phone, and decided to continue to ask the shopkeepers in Luo Xin street area about Ghost Lamp Temple before she received any message from Northern River’s Loose Cultivator. She could not give up!

At the door of the shop, Soft Feather found that the young man who made way for her just now was still standing by the road. He was holding his cell phone, busy sliding on it and working at something.

Soft Feather didn’t pay him any more attention and kept walking.

Just then… she heard a very familiar voice from the young man’s cell phone.

“Senior Northern River, have you got any information on Ghost Lamp Temple? I’ve asked a lot of shopkeepers in Luo Xin street area, but no one knew about Ghost Lamp Temple. Please reply after receiving this message.”

Wasn’t that… her own voice?

And this was the voice message she just sent!

Soft Feather paused, and then felt an unutterable joy flowing from her heart—unexpectedly, the man who looked so young was a senior from Nine Provinces Number One Group!

Soft Feather who lost her way and fell into depression got as excited as a drowning man catching at a straw.

She ran up to the young man-looking ‘Senior’ two steps in one!

❄️❄️❄️

Song Shuang just clicked on the voice message Soft Feather sent in the group—her voice was very soft and sounded really nice—when he suddenly felt someone behind him.

Then, a breeze of fragrance came into his nose, smelling like light floral fragrance, or a woman’s body fragrance.

Shuhang turned his head around and saw the long-legged and dark-haired girl standing behind him with a big smile on her face, her eyes fixed on his mobile phone.

“Nine Provinces Number One Group?” The soft voice of the dark-haired girl was full of the joy one felt when running into an old friend far away from home.

At this moment, Song Shuhang didn’t know which facial expression he should assume when facing this girl.

Without her self-introduction, Song Shuhang had guessed who she was. If he couldn’t, he should buy a piece of tofu and crush his skull with it.

“Spirit Butterfly Island’s Soft Feather?” Song Shuhang felt his own voice was very unnatural, full of awkwardness.

“Yes, I am! May I ask what’s your dao name, Senior?” Soft Feather finally calmed down and began to look carefully at the ‘Senior’.

In her memory, all the other members of Nine Provinces Number One Group were seniors—except Su Clan’s Sixteen who went through tribulation yesterday.

This senior looked 18 or 19 years old. Surely this wasn’t his real age? He was about 1.7 meters tall. With a kind face, he looked like an easy-going man.

A kind face… to put it bluntly, he had the “nice-guy” face and was likely to get a nice-guy card.

Also, she couldn’t feel this senior’s cultivation realm, not even a little bit. ‘It seems that this senior had completely concealed his qi’. When he was standing in front of her, it seemed that he had completely integrated into the world of ordinary people.

‘He must have reached the the state of recovering simplicity and returning to the original nature, just like my father.’ Soft Feather thought.

Senior?! The appellation made Song Shuhang feel pain in the liver.
