Chapter 9: Another Luo Xin Street Area
 
 
Song Shuhang was right in Jiangnan District. As a person who barely said No to others, he wouldn’t refuse to do the little favor such as leading the way. But for now, he was unable to do that even though he was willing to help, because it took two hours from his college town to Jiangnan Airport by car. After all, Jiangnan was a county-level city and had a large area.

Besides, Shuhang was not familiar with J-City and never heard of any Ghost Lamp Temple.

He only knew that J-City neighbored Jiangnan District and was a well-known city in China.

It was because J-City was a religious resort, where people would get dazzled with all kinds of different faiths. During annual religious festivals, pilgrims flocked into the city like rabbits in a warren.

It wasn’t easy to find a small temple there, for there were countless other temples built there as well.

“Well, the name of Luo Xin street area sounds very familiar. Did I hear it somewhere before? “Shuhang muttered.

Gnawing on steamed buns, Song Shuhang shook in a rocking chair. Thinking of ‘Luo Xin street area’, he tried to grasp the source of this inexplicable familiar feeling from memory.

The memory capability of a human brain was very strange. Things would come to mind unconsciously, but when you tried to capture a particular memory, you just couldn’t recall it even if you racked your brain for a long time.

‘I guess I heard this name from some news?’ Not going to waste any brain cell on this issue, Shuhang stopped thinking about it.

❄️❄️❄️

Soft Feather dragged her large suitcase to the taxi lane.

For a moment, several taxis headed for Soft Feather fast—as it turns out, a pretty face was always a great advantage in any place. Otherwise, the sheer size of her suitcase would deter many taxi drivers from approaching her.

“Girl, where are you going?” A red taxi took the first place. The driver was a square-faced middle-aged man who spoke Mandarin with a Jiangnan accent.

“Do you know where Ghost Lamp Temple is?” Soft Feather asked. Her soft voice was completely different from her young and lively appearance. But, this striking contrast made her even more attractive.

The square-faced man thought for quite a while and shook his head, “Ghost Lamp Temple… never heard of it.”

Seeing the square-faced man shaking his head, Soft Feather felt her heart missed a beat. She blushed with disappointment.

Fortunately, the man asked immediately, “Do you know which neighborhood it’s in?”

“Yes, it’s in Luo Xin street area! ” Soft Feather answered at once.

“Luo Xin street area, I know it, and quite well at that. I live there. But girl, did you get the name of the temple right? I’ve been living there for years and never heard of Ghost Lamp Temple,” the man answered seriously.

For professional reasons, he knew the area around quite well, especially Luo Xin street area where he lived. He had literally stepped on every inch of that area, but he never heard of Ghost Lamp Temple.

“Oh?” Soft Feather’s little face blushed again, but then she answered firmly, “Then please take me to Luo Xin street area!”

She planned to ask about it after she got there. If nobody knew it… she would have to bite the bullet and call her dad. But that was the last resort. She wouldn’t do it unless she had to.

“Girl, are you in a hurry? If it’s not urgent, you can take a bus to Luo Xin street area. It will be a little expensive to get there by taxi as it would take over two hours,” explained the square-faced man.

It wasn’t that he didn’t want to make the money, but a two-hour drive would cost a lot of money. She obviously didn’t know the exact distance, and if he didn’t tell her about the exact distance and price before she got on the car, it would be easy to have a dispute after they reached the destination.

“That’s all right. Just take me there,” Soft Feather smiled shyly. Money was never a problem to her.

Confirming with her, the square-faced man was quietly glad. He was going to make a lot of money with this trip.

“Ok, get on the car then. Place the suitcase in trunk.” The man said. He opened the trunk and then opened the door to help carry the suitcase.

After all, the suitcase was so bulky that the little girl wouldn’t be able to move it.

But when he opened the door and turned back, he got so startled that he couldn’t even close his O-shaped mouth.

He saw the soft little girl placing the huge suitcase on her palm… she was actually placing it on her palm, not lifting, holding, or anything else; it was as if she was placing a small plate there. She just lightly placed the suitcase on her palm and put it into the trunk.

Was the suitcase actually light and only looked big?

As he was thinking, he felt that the rear end of the car sank a little bit. He had been working as a taxi driver for so many years that he had almost integrated with his car. He could estimate the weight of the object when the rear end of the car sank.

The suitcase weighed probably over 60 kilos, or even more. It was almost the weight of an adult man.

Is this girl a weightlifter? What a great strength! He secretly swallowed. Fortunately, he was a good-hearted driver. Any malicious guy who planned sexual harassment against the girl would definitely be SecKilled!

Not knowing how startling her behavior was, Soft Feather put her suitcase down, got back into the car and sat down in the back seat.

“Hey, girl, you’ve got a great strength! Sit steady.” The square-faced man laughed, stepping on accelerator. The red taxi drove out of the lane and headed for Luo Xin street area.

❄️❄️❄️

In Nine Provinces Number One Chat Group

Spirit Butterfly Island’s Soft Feather (mobile): “Senior Northern River, I am heading for Luo Xin street area, but the taxi driver doesn’t know Ghost Lamp Temple. I’m going to ask local residents about it after I get there, maybe someone will know it.”

“Ok, I’ve asked a few people about it, but for now, nobody knows it. Anyway, I’ll contact you if I get any clues.” Northern River’s Loose Cultivator replied.

“Thank you, Senior ?” Soft Feather replied while secretly clenching her fist. With the reply from Northern River’s Loose Cultivator, she got a little bit reassured—in fact, it was the first time for her to take a long journey alone. Her father used to accompany her each time, or she’d just travel around Spirit Butterfly Island.

She felt a little excited.

❄️❄️❄️

Song Shuhang hadn’t caught sight of the above chat log… because he went to the bookstore for window-reading again as he had nothing to do.

He held the thick book he rented last time, which he hadn’t finished yet. For him, if he couldn’t read the book for free, then the book would be much less attractive to him.

It was just like ‘Handsome Kong’ 1 instant noodles. They tasted totally different eaten dry than when eaten after being soaked in hot water.

Before he went out, for some reason, he brought his cell phone along—Song Shuhang had no habit of carrying his cell phone at all times.

As cell phones nowadays got more functions, their volume increased as well. Now you couldn’t find a cell phone with call function only. As his cell phone was too big, Song Shuhang used it as a fixed telephone.

‘7% electricity left. Should be enough.’

While battery was close to running out of energy, he might be able to use it for an afternoon if he just answered phones or texted messages with it.

Thus, he took his cell phone and the rented book with him, and went to the bookstore for a happy window-reading.

❄️❄️❄️

Time flew.

About one and half an hour later.

‘Strange, did I wake up with my left foot today?’ Very puzzled, Song Shuhang put the thick book in his hand back onto the bookshelf—he could not get into it!

He couldn’t get into these books, be it novels, driving theories, comics, or classics. It was the first time in his life that he had ever met such a thing.

“That’s odd.” “Song Shuhang murmured. With a sigh, he took a book at random and went to the counter.

As he couldn’t read it, window-reading wouldn’t make any sense.

He thought for a while and decided to hang out near the college town.

When it came to a place for hanging out, you had to mention the resort near Jiangnan College Town—Foodie’s Paradise.

‘Let’s go eat something delicious!’

❄️❄️❄️

Foodie’s Paradise was a thriving gastronomic block two blocks away from Jiangnan College Town. It took over twenty minutes to get there from Jiangnan College on foot, but a distance like this was unable to defeat foodies.

Here, you could find anything you wanted to taste, be it something winged, flying in the sky—except planes, or something standing on the ground with four legs—except furniture. You could enjoy all kinds of delicacies.

It had been called ‘Foodie’s Paradise’ and ‘Gourmet Paradise’ so often that its original name had been forgotten.

What was it called again?

Song Shuhang looked up at the sign of the block: ‘Welcome to the Luo Xin street area,’ the seven golden characters shining in the sunlight.

Oh, right. It was called Luo Xin street area. What a good name.

Filled with random thoughts, Shuhang entered into the block.

He suddenly stopped after taking several steps. He quickly returned to the big sign and stared at the seven golden characters.

Welcome to the Luo Xin street area!

Yes, he read it right, Luo Xin street area.

Song Shuhang was speechless. 
