Chapter 4: H-City’s Third Stage Acquired Realm Thunder Tribulation
 
 
Thinking for a moment, Song Shuhang pressed the ‘backspace’ key on the keyboard and deleted the text he had typed earlier on.

He reckoned that with the group members’ personality, even if he were to appear and advise them, none would listen to it. Furthermore, since someone had consumed it and was still currently alive and kicking, most probably that medicine would not poison one to death in a short time?

Although he was thinking that, Song Shuhang felt that he could not leave them be. Every medicine had its side effects and perhaps this body tempering liquid was the slow-acting type of poison that wouldn’t cause death within a short time, but affect someone’s life after a period of time?

Therefore, he had to verify this prescription!

He was still worrying for the group’s chuunibyous.

In summary, Song Shuhang was also someone suited to be given a nice guy card.

He reached for his notebook and wrote down the over thirty common medicinal ingredients’ names only searchable on the net for Medicine Master’s ‘body tempering liquid’.”

Song Shuhang had an older female cousin called Zhao Yaya that studied medical science.

There was a traditional Chinese medicine faculty in the university, therefore, Song Shuhang wanted her to ask around and see if these more than thirty replenishing qi and blood medicine ingredients would cause death upon consumption after throwing everything in a pot to cook together.

In theory, these medicinal ingredients that replenish blood and energy and dispel weakness should not kill one upon consumption. However, with numerous items being stuffed into a pot to cook and simmer, who knows what would it turn into.

As for those medicinal ingredients with names like Fresh Overlord Branch and Nine-Yang Scarlet Flame Bamboo, that was clearly some chuuni stuff, and Song Shuhang naturally chose to ignore it. Who knew what these were? He wasn’t someone who had chuunibyou disease, alright?

If he were to take these items to ask his cousin, she would probably think that he went crazy. After that, Mother Song would definitely be getting on the plane to Jiangnan tomorrow and have him visit the neurology and brain specialists.

‘I shall secretly ask her when I go home two weeks later,’ Song Shuhang thought. He hoped that none of the Xianxia chuunibyou would die within this period of time.

When Song Shuhang was copying the recipe, Nine Provinces Number One Group had also quieted down. It seemed as if those chuunibyou had their own daily lives as the people who were online during weekdays were not too many?

That’s right, after all one had to eat, work, and take care of their children. Perhaps some of them within the group were students like him too.

After copying more than thirty different types of medicinal ingredients in the recipe, Song Shuhang stretched and looked at the weather report software on the lower right of his screen.

June 1st, clear weather.

June 2nd, clear weather.

“The weather seems nice, I shall head out to exercise in a while,” Song Shuhang felt that his own physique was getting worse, therefore he decided to exercise more.

Although he said that, his hands unconsciously reached out and clicked on a game’s icon on his computer— I shall play one or two rounds first!

❄️❄️❄️

Despite claiming his plan was to play for one, two rounds, it was basically impossible to stop when the game had started, with one match after another.

Unknowingly, it was already noontime.

‘Time during weekends passes exceptionally fast,’ Song Shuhang forced a smile while closing the game. Once again, he conveniently opened Nine Provinces Number One Group chat out of habit.

Looking at it once after booting up his computer and another time before shutting it down caused his mood to be cheerful for the whole day.

He realized that the frequently online Northern River’s Loose Cultivator was already online upon opening the chat window.

There were numerous lines of chat logs inside.

Northern River’s Loose Cultivator: “Brother Medicine Master, your level of concocting pills has made me speechless. I had tried concocting ten furnaces of the revised body tempering liquid and surprisingly, eight had been a success while the medicinal effects were also better than expected. It’s a pity that the body tempering liquid is only effective to junior cultivators within a sect, but not of much use for a loose cultivator like me. However, for True Monarch Rain Moon and a few others seniors who have numerous disciples, the use would be great. After Seniors Rain and Butterfly and the rest receive this recipe, they would be owing you a huge favor, Brother Medicine Master!”

Wandering Monk Profound Principle also appeared and sent a thumbs up.

Northern River’s Loose Cultivator immediately laughed. “I had temporarily forgotten that Great Master Profound Principle has also nurtured a batch of young monks. Medicine Master, it seems that the number of people who owe you a favor has increased by a few.”

Great Master Profound Principle once again sent a ? and went lurking.

Northern River’s Loose Cultivator replied with a ?. He felt that cultivating that silent meditation was a headache. If not for the chatting group that allowed Great Master Profound Principle to send punctuation marks and emojis, wouldn’t he basically be unable to communicate with others? Buddhism was basically a pain in the a*ss—therefore, he was sure that him not being duped by a monk to become a novice Buddhist monk in the past was a correct choice!

After ten minutes or so, Thrice Reckless Mad Saber came online. “Fairy Soft Feather~~ Fairy Soft Feather, if you are here, you must be sure to respond to this lord!”

Concurrently, he wildly sent a row of ? and ? emojis.

“Yo, fellow daoist Thrice Reckless hasn’t been online these few days, where have you run to meditate?” Northern River’s Loose Cultivator smugly asked while already knowing the answer.

“Meditation your a*ss!” Thrice Reckless sent a voice message, his voice choking with sobs. “Three days ago,’big senior’ Venerable Spirit Butterfly came over to visit this lord and had stayed here for three days! Afterwards, you all should know… Ahhhhh…”

“Keke.” Northern River’s Loose Cultivator indicated that he would definitely not sympathize with Thrice Reckless. People who invite their own death were not worth sympathizing with!

“Spirit Butterfly Island’s Soft Feather, pretty Fairy Soft Feather, please come out and meet this reckless me! I have something to ask of you!” Thrice Reckless miserably shrieked. ‘Reckless’ was Thrice Reckless’s original surname. His modern name was Reckless Thrice. [1]

“?” Spirit Butterfly Island’s Soft Feather came online and sent a question mark.

“Fairy, you’ve finally appeared. This lord asks you a favor—please be sure to bring your father who has serious attachment for his daughter back home! Reckless me shall kneel to you! Thrice Reckless sent a ? again.

“Keke.” Spirit Butterfly Island’s Soft Feather sent a ? and a while later, a sentence popped up. “So this old man has serious attachment for his daughter?”

Eh? Wait, there seems to be something wrong?

Old man? Oh my mother, it’s Venerable Spirit Butterfly who is using his daughter account again?

Crack… did something crack? It was Thrice Reckless’s fragile heart.

This old fella definitely was overly attached to his daughter. To be frequently accessing his daughter’s account, was there still any ** in this world?!

“…” Northern River’s Loose Cultivator felt that the twitching of his mouth was unstoppable. In the end, he kindly pointed out. “Oh, right, Brother Thrice Reckless. I reckon Miss Soft Feather should be currently concocting the new body tempering liquid?”

Therefore, Miss Soft Feather would not come online anytime soon.

Afterwards… there was no afterwards.

Thrice Reckless Mad Saber was disconnected… yes, disconnected, not ‘went offline’.

“Chi!” Song Shuhang laughed out lively.

He was currently feeling good.

After looking at the chat logs for more than ten days, he felt that the members within the group didn’t seem like normal chuunibyou victims. The content of their conversations was too real to be delusionally thought up of.

This thought had only flashed past within Song Shuhang’s mind.

‘Unless I have read too much of their chat logs and was assimilated by them?’ Song Shuhang was suddenly so frightened that his whole body was sweating with cold sweat as that possibility occurred to him.

Although he had long passed the age of being a chuunibyou, who hadn’t had a ‘thinking back’ experience?”

The experience brought by his previous chivalrous hero dreams, wuxia dreams, and superhero dreams was a black history he was unwilling to face in his whole life. He felt so embarrassed that he wanted to die just by thinking of it; he wanted to forget, to absolutely forget it!!!

Therefore, he definitely did not want to be assimilated by the fellas within the group.

“I should go and have some food.” He reached out and prepared to close the Nine Provinces Number One Group.

Just when he was about to close the chat, Northern River’s Loose Cultivator suddenly asked, “Seven, has the junior within your house overcome her tribulation? Why isn’t there any news?

Su Clan’s Seven: “Sixteen’s currently preparing for it, it will begin in another few hours.”

Northern River’s Loose Cultivator: “Where is Sixteen undergoing the tribulation? Do you require any help?

“It’s at a suburban district of H-City. Relax, my clan’s Sixteen has outstanding innate skills and a Third Stage Acquired Realm advancement thunder tribulation is just small matter. It should be a piece of cake for her. You all should just wait for my clan’s Sixteen to advance to Fourth Stage Innate Realm before finding an opportunity to challenge you! Hahaha.” Su Clan’s Seven laughed relaxedly.

“I’m relieved with your words. The talent of that little fella, Sixteen, is indeed good. A Third Stage Acquired Realm advancement thunder tribulation shouldn’t pose any problems for her.” Northern River’s Loose Cultivator agreed.

After that, silence had once again been restored within the group.

❄️❄️❄️

Song Shuhang scratched his jaw, H-City?

Wasn’t that a place neighbouring the Jiangnan District? Speaking of which, the College Town he was in was in Jiangnan City, between H-City and J-City.

H-City was a small city in China; although its area was small, its economy was extremely developed. It was known as a famous shopping heaven of China with the reputation of having everything and anything for sale. Of course, illegal goods excluded.

If that Sixteen was to have a tribulation in H-City, wouldn’t he be able to see it in Jiangnan District?

“Am I an idiot?” Song Shuhang laughed. How could he take what the members of the group said seriously?

Furthermore, a thunder tribulation? The sun was currently shining brightly without any clouds within ten thousand miles, it was basically impossible for a thunderstorm to occur, wasn’t it?

What’s more, the current weather forecast reports were accurate, not like a few years back. It was said that there would only be clear weather the next three days without any thunderstorms or torrential rains.

“Since the weather is good, I shall head to the bookstore after eating!” Song Shuhang muttered. 
