Chapter 15: Professor Renshui Got Injured
 

In Song Shuhang’s opinion, the two boxes of medicine were probably some kinds of strange things. At least, he didn’t think it was some expensive stuff. So, he answered casually, “Well, I think I should thank you in advance. By the way, do you have a booking website account?

Soft Feather shook her head. She didn’t need to book anything herself, be it an airplane ticket or a train ticket. Her family had a lot of servants who worked for Spirit Butterfly Island.

“Then, give me your ID card and I’ll book you a ticket with my account.” Song Shuhang said.

“OK!” Soft Feather handed over her ID card obediently, asking, “Senior Song, may I go to the balcony to have a look?”

“Just make yourself at home. Do what you want to.” Song Shuhang smiled. What a good and polite girl! But, a pity, she was a Chuunibyou.

Soft Feather smiled shyly, then walked quickly to the balcony and looked out of the room.

The balcony faced east, and there were wide roads and school garden outside, without anything hindering one’s vision. So, although it was only the second floor, one could get a broad field of vision here.

Soft Feather looked at Song Shuhang carefully, and then stealthily casted a small spell to block energy fluctuations in case her next move was sensed by ‘Senior Song’.

Getting ready, she quietly took out two contact lenses from her pocket and put them on.

Don’t look down on these two things. These were a magic weapon that Venerable Spirit Butterfly recently refined—‘ Ascend another Story, Were you to See a Thousand Miles farther 1 ’.

The name was a bit longer, and this was actually an upgraded version of ‘Clairvoyance’.

Once you put these lenses on, just as the poem said, it could elevate your vision to the sky and you could look down on earth with sight of god.

This was a father’s love for his daughter who, he knew, was prone to getting lost. With this magic weapon, his daughter could find the right way by looking down from the sky. It was full of a father’s love.

It indeed seemed to be true that a daughter was her father’s lover in his previous life.

If it were his son, Venerable Spirit Butterfly would never give so much thought to it. ‘Don’t you feel ashamed when you get lost? If you can’t find the way, can’t you just pull down the things in your way and head directly for your destination? Advancing bravely is a man’s romance!’

On the other side.

Soft Feather, using sight of god provided by the magic weapon, soon located teachers’ quarters of Jiangnan College. She checked the data, and successfully located Teacher Renshui, a tall gentleman with black-framed glasses.

At this time, an innocent Teacher Renshui… was taking an afternoon nap with his daughter who just turned six months.

Somebody might get it wrong, that’s why his daughter’s age had to be emphasized! Let’s make it clear again, this was a girl who ‘just turned six months’!

Everything went so successfully, as if by the will of God!

‘Found it!’ Soft Feather was very glad. She put her palms together, ‘Sorry, sorry, I’m really sorry. I’ll make it up to you later, but now please sprain your foot and go to a hospital.’

Between her palms, a golden piece of talisman glittered. Spells and talismans were mostly disposable consumables, but some high-rank ones could be used multiple times.

The one held by Soft Feather was a high-rank one for sure.

Soft Feather had a big shot father, so she could waste a high-rank talisman like this.

It was not easy to make high-rank talismans. They could be used repeatedly, but not infinitely. The number of times they could be used was limited. Once an ordinary cultivator gained a high-rank talisman, he would carefully count the times and make the best use of it!

The power of the golden talisman was activated under the control of Soft Feather.

In the teacher’s apartment far away from here.

When Teacher Renshui was sleeping, he was suddenly pushed by some force and fell off his bed.

Unfortunately, his feet would be easily sprained in such a posture.

So… “Bang!”

“Crack”. It sounded like something was sprained.

“Ouch!” Teacher Renshui woke up in a cold sweat, a few muffled groans escaping his lips. The sprained heel quickly reddened. But, in order not to wake up his lovely daughter, he just gripped the quilt, clenched his teeth and swallowed the groans. Poor parental love.

Clenching his teeth, Teacher Renshui began to rub his heel fast. Clearly, he was experienced. He didn’t think he needed to go to hospital with this kind of sprain. By applying some Red Flower Oil and taking a nap, he would be fully recovered the next day.

After rubbing for a while, Teacher Renshui stood up on one leg and jumped to the refrigerator while leaning against the wall to take Red Flower Oil and some ice cubes out to make a cold compress.

But… Soft Feather’s spell had not finished yet. Her goal was to get the poor teacher into a hospital!

Teacher Renshui thought he fell off the bed accidentally, but he didn’t know that it was because of a mysterious force aimed at getting his feet sprained so badly that he had to go to hospital. So, he didn’t know how dangerous it was for him to jump on one foot while supporting himself using the wall—the way he moved forward was certainly a good opportunity to get another sprain.

Teacher Renshui jumped and jumped, and suddenly lost his footing.

“Crack”! It was a sound of bone fracture this time… the other foot of his was fractured, even more badly than the first one.

“Ouch!” Teacher Renshui fell down heavily. With eyes wide open, he gasped and burst into tears. A man didn’t shed tears unless he was deeply aggrieved.

Looking at his feet—one sprained and the other fractured—he wept.

However, he couldn’t do anything about it but accept his bad luck.

Gasping for a while, he carefully pulled out his cell phone, called his wife, and asked for her help. His wife was also a teacher of Jiangnan College.

Because their daughter was home, he couldn’t just ask 120 to send him to a hospital. He had to wait until his wife came home and took care of their daughter.

After listening to her husband’s story of ‘spraining both feet’, Teacher Renshui’ wife felt worried yet amused.

Quickly asking for a short leave, she rushed towards her home…

Having finished talking with his wife, Teacher Renshui called the school and asked to call off the three classes tomorrow afternoon. He definitely had to stay in hospital as both of his feet were injured, so he should inform the school to switch classes for him.

“Done.” Soft Feather nodded satisfactorily and put away the golden talisman.

In this way, her goal was achieved.

Teacher Renshui asked for leave, so there would be no class tomorrow afternoon.

There would be no class tomorrow afternoon, so Song Shuhang would be free tomorrow.

Song Shuhang would be free tomorrow, so he would be able to accompany her to J-City.

Look, it was that simple!

Getting things done, Soft Feather was in a good mood.

Then, she entered the room, and saw that Song Shuhang was booking a train ticket for her online.

“Senior Song, what about booking one for yourself too? Maybe you won’t have any class tomorrow afternoon?” Soft Feather bent her head forward, speaking with her soft voice.

“Haha, okay, I’ll book one more if I really don’t have any class tomorrow.””Song Shuhang laughed.

As soon as he finished…

“Ding dong!”

A message popped up from Campus Network.

“Attention please, students of Department 19, Class 43, Department of Mechanical Engineering, Mechanical Design and Manufacturing Academy: Teacher Renshui is injured and went to a hospital, so we switched ‘Mathematical Statistics’ class tomorrow afternoon with Professor Smith’s ‘College English’ class. Please share this news with others and prepare for it! Thank you.”

The short message was broadcasted three times.

And, it would be re-broadcasted every other hour.

The management of Jiangnan College always moved quickly and efficiently! It only took them a minute or two to release this message after Teacher Renshui called for leave!

“Why, Teacher Renshui got injured? What a coincidence. But tomorrow’s class was switched to Smith’s English class… do I have to take the stuffy old man’s class again?” Song Shuhang muttered.

Soft Feather, standing behind him, suddenly burst into tears.

While the devil climbs a foot, the priest climbs ten!

But as a person from Spirit Butterfly Island, she will never give up easily, never! 

