Chapter 6: Immortal Fortune Teller Copper Trigram
 
 
‘I must’ve been infected by the group members. Although it was enjoyable looking through chat logs everyday, as expected, I should leave this chat after a period of time. Otherwise, I will turn into one of them soon—I shall leave the group after asking cousin about the recipe to ensure that tonic wouldn’t cause death by poisoning,’ Song Shuhang thought.

Supposedly, they were an odd group, and coupled with the mistaken invite, Song Shuhang could have completely ignored their well-being.

However, he felt that if he knew the ‘medicinal pill’ they’d eaten was poisonous, he should try to persuade them no matter what. Regardless if the other party would heed his advice or not, he should at least try so that he’d have a clear conscience.

Yes. A clear conscience.

Ultimately, it was up to the members themselves whether they heed his advice or not, but it was his matter if he did not even try to persuade them.

❄️❄️❄️

After returning to the dorms, Song Shuhang logged into the chatting software and sent a list of medicinal ingredients he copied down to his cousin, Zhao Yaya.

“Sister Yaya, supposedly, if you were to add in all the medicinal ingredients above into a medicinal pot and simmer that into a paste, would it cause death upon consumption? If you are free, please help me check.”

Pressing the ‘enter’ key and sending out the message, Song Shuhang leaned on his chair and stared into space.

His cousin, Zhao Yaya, was different from him and she was having her university internship; therefore, she was not online often. Sometimes, she would only appear once in a few days to send a message or something. It was normal for her to reply the week after.

If the situation permitted, Song Shuhang did not want to ask the question online.

After all, some matters should be discussed face-to-face to prevent any misunderstandings. Otherwise, if his cousin assumed that he was consuming this medicine and misunderstood him, what was he supposed to do? He was afraid of his mother taking an airplane back home and coming to visit him.

However, the feeling of becoming one of them today was getting stronger—as expected, looking at those chats was an enjoyable pastime, but it would be better to leave as soon as possible.

Taking advantage of the fact that he had yet to appear within the group and did not have any relations with its members, he could avoid feeling reluctant when he left.

Although he thought that way, his hands unconsciously opened the Nine Provinces Number One Group on the lower right of his screen.

It was easy for one to get used to a habit and he had only taken ten days to develop the habit of browsing through the chat everyday.

Coincidentally, someone was online within the group.

Northern River’s Loose Cultivator: “Seven, is the tribulation over? I guess Sixteen has advanced?”

This message was sent ten minutes ago, but Su Clan’s Seven had yet to reply.

“Could something have happened during the thunder tribulation?” Spirit Butterfly Island’s Soft Feather asked. The one online this time was the person herself instead of her father. Although this young lady had only joined the group recently, she had already forged a friendship with those that often appeared due to her sweet mouth.

She knew that every thunder tribulation cultivators underwent shouldn’t be underestimated. Even during a weak tribulation, one slight mistake could cause huge problems.

“I doubt it, Seven’s there with her. With it being a Third Stage Acquired Realm thunder tribulation, he’s able to scatter it forcefully if there was any problem,” Northern River’s Loose Cultivator said.

However, as Su Clan’s Seven had yet to reply after a long time, he felt some unease in his heart.

Just then, another person Song Shuhang had never seen before appeared, their ID Immortal Fortune Teller Copper Trigram. “Don’t be too anxious, let this Immortal Master do a divination, and we shall know the results.”

Northern River’s Loose Cultivator was silent for a moment before replying. “Alright.”

Looking at it, this Immortal Fortune Teller Copper Trigram was playing the role of a Divination Master?

After two to three minutes, Immortal Fortune Teller Copper Trigram remerged. “Haha. Rest assured. This Immortal Master’s divination results was a good draw with great luck. Su Clan’s seven and his junior will be alright; we only have to wait for Sixteen to come and challenge us all!”

A good draw with great luck, I guess they will feel at ease now? Although stuff such as divination cannot be treated as reality, it could indeed allow one to feel comforted. Song Shuhang silently thought.

When Northern River’s Loose Cultivator heard the divination results, instead of being happy, he turned silent.

Subsequently, he sent a bitter expression. “It seems like Sixteen has encountered a problem, therefore, Seven has yet to come online. Is there anyone near H-City that can head over and check if Seven needs any help?”

Thrice Reckless Mad Saber came online and sighed. “Since Immortal Trigram has calculated a good draw with great luck, then most likely something big had happened. My location is far from H-City, and it would take me a few days even if I rushed over.”

Soft Feather: “?”

Thrice Reckless Mad Saber: “Soft Feather, you may not know, but this fella, Immortal Trigram, has never hit the mark with his divinations. If he calculates a great luck, you must be prepared, for a calamity will befall you. Instead, if his divination is a disaster or some sort, you can relax as it means that your luck has turned great. Whereas, if one day he foresees an apocalyptic tribulation with no hope of reprieve, you can rest assured and have a celebration party beforehand, because you will probably even pick up an immortal weapon!”

Northern River’s Loose Cultivator added: “Thinking of it in another way, Immortal Trigram’s divination skills are indeed formidable. As for the reason, it’s because you only have to think of the opposite of his divination’s results, and that is your correct answer.”

Immortal Fortune Teller Copper Trigram:”…”

He felt like shouting himself hoarse to rebuke him. However, unfortunately for him, his whole life was filled with dark history, therefore he was at a loss, not knowing how he should react.

“That’s right, lady Soft Feather, could you ask your father when he will be going home? He has been staying at my place as a guest for quite some time. Don’t tell me he doesn’t miss his home and his cute and beautiful daughter?” Thrice Reckless Mad Saber had learned his lesson this time and did not cheekily seek his death.

“Yes Senior, I shall ask my father for Senior’s sake if I’m free.” Although Soft Feather respectively replied, she had ultimately given her father a blank check, not saying when and if she would call her father to return home.

Thrice Reckless Mad Saber was someone discerning. How could he not understand Soft Feather was merely brushing him off? Therefore, brother Thrice Reckless’ eyes moistened again.

“Are there any lurkers within H-City?” Northern River’s Loose Cultivator sent@everyone within the group.

The lurking members appeared one by one and sent a ‘shake head’ emoji. With how vast China was, it was impossible for everyone to cluster together considering their numbers.

The Jiangnan District Song Shuhang was at was indeed close to H-City. However, as he did not know Su Clan’s Seven—and felt that his brain was still awake—it was impossible for him to accompany the guys within the group to look for a member that disappeared due to ‘thunder tribulation’ because someone had divined ‘something bad.’

After all, he had yet to be assimilated.

Just then, Spirit Butterfly Island’s Soft Feather reappeared. “I am preparing to head over to J-City for some matters, and I will be heading over to Jiangnan Airport first via an airplane before heading over to J-City. Jiangnan District is quite near H-City, so if required, please feel free to contact me… although I’m not familiar with H-City, as long as help is required, I will spare no effort to help.”

“That’s great.” Northern River’s Loose Cultivator replied.

Passing through Jiangnan District? This lady within the group will be coming here? Song Shuhang blinked.

Northern River’s Loose Cultivator happily replied, “I will try to contact Seven. If there’s any need, I will contact you, Soft Feather.”

His private relation with Su Clan’s Seven was quite good—they were life-and-death best friends before joining Nine Provinces Number One Group. Right now, Immortal Fortune Teller Copper Trigram’s divination made him feel restless.

It didn’t matter if things didn’t concern themselves, but they would be unable to stay calm if the matter actually involved them.

Just then, True Monarch Yellow Mountain appeared and sent a consoling message. ” You don’t have to be too worried, Northern River. With Seven there, don’t even mention a Third Stage Acquired Realm thunder tribulation, even a Fourth Stage Innate Realm one is incapable of harming him.”

“You are right.” Northern River’s Loose Cultivator sighed. “I wasn’t that worried initially as it was just a Third Stage Acquired Realm thunder tribulation. However, Immortal Fortune Teller Copper Trigram’s auspicious divination made me worry all of a sudden.

True Monarch Yellow Mountain: “…”

Thrice Reckless Mad Saber: “…”

What Northern River’s Loose Cultivator said was full of sense, and both of them were left speechless. 
