Chapter 10: Brief interlude while strolling the streets
 
 
After thinking for a long time the previous time, he felt that he had heard of Luo Xin street area’s name somewhere, but he was unable to recall it no matter what. To think that it was here, where the well-known Foodie’s Paradise was!

But wait, isn’t the Luo Xin street area Soft Feather mentioned at J-City? This is Jiangnan District!

Perhaps Soft Feather remembered the wrong location?

Or perhaps there is a Luo Xin street in both J-City and Jiangnan District?

This was perfectly normal. Although there are few repeats of cities’ and counties’ names, when it came to towns, streets, villages, and such, there were usually multiple instances of the same name being used. The place Soft Feather wanted to go must surely be in J-City and she wouldn’t have came over to Jiangnan District.

As he came out to relieve boredom, Song Shuhang did not think about it anymore.

He ate while walking and ate while shopping.

After losing count of time he spent shopping, he felt tired and so purchased another two chicken rolls. After that, he sat on a bench provided for resting somewhere along the District and relaxed.

❄️❄️❄️

The opposite of the resting area was Luo Xin street area’s public square and the scene there was people walking back and forth, bustling with noise and excitement.

There were already women who were unable to resist their nature, wishing to appear beautiful with the weather just turning warm.

With dazzling spaghetti strap top, crop tops, mini-skirts, low-waisted hot pants, high heels, pointy sandals along with charming tube tops that revealed cleavage and small waist lines everywhere, it had added to thousand different types of styles within Luo Xin street area’s public plaza, resulting in a delicate and charming scene.

Just by sitting in the resting area, one could see numerous long, slender legs, dazzling and radiating light.

Coincidentally, the resting area Song Shuhang had randomly chosen was a great location to look at beautiful women—there were already three dudes there, earnestly looking at the beauties’ long legs and grading them.

“Did you see that, that red skirt at the bottom left of the huge electronic screen. With that figure and legs, she would at least be 80 points.” A fatty wearing thick glasses pointed towards the figure wearing a red skirt and spoke with a hushed tone.

“Ah Xu, you should train your eyesight more. Although her legs are long, her entire figure is slightly too skinny with her calves somewhat short, affecting her overall appearance. At most, she would be 73 points.” A handsome sunshine guy at the side displayed an expert’s posture.

“Is that so?” The bespectacled fatty scratched his head. Looking at it attentively, it was as the sunshine guy had described. However, it was basically undetectable if one did not look carefully.

“I feel that it can be higher than 77 points. After all, such beautiful legs can be considered extremely rare in reality and we cannot use those legs of celebrities or models online as the standard.” Lastly, a short hair guy leaning against the chair lazily spoke.

Song Shuhang unconsciously looked at where the spectacled fatty pointed to as he listened to their words. There was a female wearing a skin-tight red dress walking briskly there who put sandals with crystals on slender, long legs.

Basically, women that dared to wear such skin-tight skirts were all confident of their own figures.

Song Shuhang did not have leg fetish but he had to admit that the red skirt lady was indeed beautiful with her long and fair thighs. Evidently, the leg’s owner paid attention to maintaining her legs.

Speaking of men looking at women, usually young guys would look at women’s faces and then their chest when they’re older. Only mature men looked at legs.

Song Shuhang felt that he definitely couldn’t be considered a mature guy—he had no particular feelings while looking at legs. Even if his whole vision was filled with fair and delicate thighs, he neither felt any impulses nor would he have the thought of grading them like the three dudes beside him.

As for his dorm mates who stated they wanted to kneel down and lick the legs of celebrities from the neighbouring countries, Song Shuhang was even more unable to understand them.

After all, it was just legs. Even men themselves had legs, just that women’s legs were more fair and tender; there wasn’t anything special there, aye?

Luckily, this was just his internal thoughts. If the three dudes beside knew of it, they would definitely throw sh*t on his face

“Hurry, look at that! 100 points, it’s a 100 points pair of legs!” Suddenly, the spectacled fatty excitedly spoke and unconsciously raised his voice.

“Where?” The sunshine guy asked. Although the bespectacled fatty’s standard cannot be considered high, it was still considered average for men. The score of 100 was not easily given.

Even the lazy short-haired guy straightened his body and curiously looked where the fatty had pointed to.

Similarly, below the huge LED screen, a slender and pretty silhouette walked out from the corner of the street. Although she was dragging a huge luggage case, she did not seem strained at all.

Long black hair reaching her waist was like waterfall, falling from her back, and fluttered along the wind.

Her stature was tall, and despite wearing a pair of flat sports shoes, it was evident that her legs were much longer than those of surrounding people. Each of her steps covered distance that would take two, three steps for ordinary people to cover.

She was practically a natural-born female lead template for movies. Even if she stood still without doing anything amongst the crowd, she still exuded a feeling of being manifestly superior than others, having natural disposition that attracted others’ gazes and being the focus of everything.

The black-haired beauty was quick on her feet. With just a few steps, she had reached the red skirt lady whom the three dudes were discussing earlier on. When perfect things were appraised one by one, perhaps they wouldn’t seem dazzling. However, once there was a point of reference for comparison, they would be hundred times more dazzling.

At this moment, the red skirt lady had served as foil. When the black-haired lady had walked past her, with a distinct comparison of the two pair of legs, the result was obvious. With an amplified sense of beauty, the black-haired lady’s legs seemed even more dazzling.

“Ah Xu, you don’t have to say anything, this is absolutely a 100 points.” The sunshine guy immediately stood up and dusted off his clothes before arranging his hairstyle.

“What are you doing?” Short-haired guy asked.

“I’m going to ask her out! Such a perfect lady, it’s impossible to meet her again in my whole lifetime. Therefore, regardless of success or failure, I should go up and ask her out, or else I would regret it forever,” the sunshine boy smiled, the two rows of white teeth sparkling under the sunlight. He indeed had the talent of attracting girls, having the gift of being a winner in life—having handsome looks!

He would lose nothing even if he failed; whereas if he had indeed successfully asked her out, he would have hit the jackpot! Having much to gain but nothing to lose, why wouldn’t he take advantage of it?

A true man should not fear being embarrassed at such a moment, but courageously head forth!

After that, the handsome sunshine guy squeezed himself into the crowd and walked towards the black-haired beauty.

❄️❄️❄️

However, before two minutes were up, the handsome sunshine guy dejectedly came back.

“That’s fast, did you fail?” Bespectacled fatty asked doubtfully—although he knew his friend would fail 90% and above, his comrade could be considered handsome, and coupled with him having a glib tongue, would he fail that fast? Even if he failed, with his abilities, it shouldn’t be a problem for him to chat more with the pretty lady?

“I didn’t get a chance to ask her out… that lady’s legs are long and she walks fast; each step of hers equals to a few of mine. Basically, I was unable to catch up with her, not even when I had ran the whole time.” The handsome sunshine guy had cheeks streaming with tears.

“…” The short-haired guy was speechless.

“Chi!” Song Shuhang who was sitting beside them nearly suffered an internal injury by laughing. These three dudes were amusing.

Thinking back, the black-haired beauty’s legs were indeed dazzling.

In the current era whereby internet was widespread, there were more and more beautiful ladies emerging; people have long been weary from appreciating ‘beauties’.

However, a crane would stand out even in the biggest crowd of chickens. A beauty with a distinguished feature or quality would forever be able to firmly attract the attention of others.

For example, the black-haired beauty previously was the type that would be remembered with just a gaze and not be forgotten within a short period of time.

❄️❄️❄️

Meeting the beauty was only a brief interlude while strolling around the streets.

After resting for a while, Song Shuhang continued to shop around.

I should buy some snacks to bring back later. He thought. His roommates had taken care of him previously when he was down with a cold, therefore, since he was strolling around the foodie’s paradise, he should bring some home to express his thanks.

Since he did not know what they liked to eat, he decided to bring a portion of everything tasty back. 
